1 ::: Oscar et la dame rose (2009) ::: drama ::: Listening in to a conversation between his doctor and parents, 10-year-old Oscar learns what nobody has the courage to tell him. He only has a few weeks to live. Furious, he refuses to speak to anyone except straight-talking Rose, the lady in pink he meets on the hospital stairs. As Christmas approaches, Rose uses her fantastical experiences as a professional wrestler, her imagination, wit and charm to allow Oscar to live life and love to the full, in the company of his friends Pop Corn, Einstein, Bacon and childhood sweetheart Peggy Blue.
2 ::: Cupid (1997) ::: thriller ::: A brother and sister with a past incestuous relationship have a current murderous relationship. He murders the women who reject him and she murders the women who get too close to him.
3 ::: Young, Wild and Wonderful (1980) ::: adult ::: As the bus empties the students for their field trip to the Museum of Natural History, little does the tour guide suspect that the students are there for more than just another tour. First, during the lecture films, the coeds drift into dreams of the most erotic fantasies one can imagine. After the films, they release the emotion of the fantasies in the most erotic and uncommon ways. One slips off to the curator's office for a little "acquisition. " Another finds the anthropologist to see what bones can be identified. Even the head teacher isn't immune. Soon the tour is over, but as the bus departs, everyone admits it was quite an education.
4 ::: The Secret Sin (1915) ::: drama ::: To help their unemployed father make ends meet, Edith and her twin sister Grace work as seamstresses . An invalid, Grace falls prey to the temptations of Chinatown opium and becomes an addict, a condition worsened by a misguided physician who prescribes morphine to ease her pain. When their father strikes oil, the family enjoys a new prosperity and the sisters meet the eligible Jack Herron, a fellow oil prospector. To Grace's shock, Jack falls in love with Edith and in her jealousy, Grace tells Jack that Edith, not she, has a drug problem. Hinting that her sister will soon need more morphine, Grace arranges for a dinner in Chinatown with the couple. While her sister and Jack dance, Grace slips away to an opium den. Edith follows her, but ends up in the wrong den and is arrested in an ensuing drug raid. After he bails her out of jail, Edith takes an angry Jack to search for Grace and stumbles across her half-conscious body lying in the street. The truth about the sisters is revealed, and after sending Grace to a sanitarium in the country, Jack and Edith are married.
5 ::: The Unrecovered (2007) ::: drama ::: The film's title refers not only to the un-recovered bodies at ground zero, but also to the state of the nation at large. Set in the hallucinatory period of time between September 11 and Halloween of 2001, The Unrecovered examines the effect of terror on the average mind, the way a state of heightened anxiety and/or alertness can cause the average person to make the sort of imaginative connections that are normally made only by artists and conspiracy theorists-both of whom figure prominently in this film. The Unrecovered explores the way in which irony, empathy, and paranoia relate to one another in the wake of 9/11.
6 ::: Quality Control (2011) ::: documentary ::: Quality Control consists of a series of 16mm single take shots filmed in the summer of 2010,over a two day period, in a dry cleaners facility in Pritchard, Alabama, near Mobile, Quality Control exhibits the acts as well the conditions around labor and showcases, in Everson's words "the fine folks of Alabama producing a superior product." It is similar stylistically, in form and rhythm, to certain scenarios in Everson's award-winning and critically acclaimed previous films, including Erie (IFFR 2010) and in thematic concerns to several other short form works which follow the daily, quotidian tasks of workers in rest and in motion, and is an oblique sequel, ten years hence, to Everson's Creative Capital granted project A Week in the Hole (2001), which focused on an employee's adjustment to materials, time, space and personnel. Quality Control consists of a series of 16mm single take shots, filmed over a two day period in the summer of 2010, in a dry cleaners facility in Pritchard, Alabama, near Mobile. Quality Control exhibits the acts as well the conditions around labor. It is similar stylistically, in form and rhythm, to certain scenarios in Everson's award-winning and critically acclaimed previous films, including Erie (IFFR 2010) and in thematic concerns to several other short form works which follow the daily, quotidian tasks of workers in rest and in motion, including the factory routine captured in the short film A Week in the Hole (2001), which focused on an employee's adjustment to materials, time, space and personnel. Principal cast includes Shay Wright and Annette Speight.
7 ::: "Pink Slip" (2009) ::: comedy ::: In tough economic times Max and Joey have all but run out of ideas until, they discover that senior housing is cheap. Not only that but Max's aunt just kicked the bucket and no one knows yet. In a hilarious series that always keeps you on your toes, the two friends take us on a cross-dressing, desperate and endearing ride through being broke.
8 ::: One Step Away (1985) ::: crime ::: Ron Petrie (Keanu Reeves) is a troubled teen whose life is hanging by a thread, as he's on the verge of suspension from school, subject to arrest for breaking and entering, and the cause of his single mother's impending eviction from her apartment. Unless he can find a resolution, his only option seems to be life of street crime.
9 ::: "Desperate Hours" (2016) ::: reality-tv ::: A sudden calamitous event, causing great loss of life, damage, or hardship, like a flood, a tornado, an airplane crash, or an earthquake. This is not only a documentary but a live account of dramatic events in real time. In this unique 13- part series you'll be an eyewitness to some of the greatest disasters of the last 100 years and you will have a rare opportunity to compare disasters across time and distance and decide which you think is the worst.
10 ::: Spirits (2014/I) ::: horror ::: Four high school students embark on a terrifying journey through ShadowView Manor 2 years after a horrifying séance gone wrong. Intern Raven, decides to reconnect with her elementary school friends Kota, William, and Jessica by bringing them to her new workplace, ShadowView Manor for a bit of paranormal investigating. Hearing more forbidden secrets from the night janitor sends them into a dark descending spiral of terror.
11 ::: The Spirit World: Ghana (2016) ::: documentary ::: Tom Beacham explores Ghana with Director of Photography Alex Holberton, in search of Spirits. The film looks at the overlap between the spirit world and the physical world, voodoo, witchcraft, the power of the Holy Spirit and magic. They meet with royal family members, magicians and voodoo priests as well as getting rare footage of a full Voodoo Ceremony.
12 ::: In the Gloaming (1997) ::: drama ::: Danny, dying of Aids, returns home for his last months. Always close to his mother, they share moments of openness that tend to shut out Danny's father and his sister.
13 ::: Pink Ribbons: One Small Step (2009) ::: documentary ::: A sister's breast cancer diagnosis and her brother's need to take action. Highlighting the events that took place during Franke's participation in the Susan G. Komen 3-Day Walk, including the training and fund-raising events in the six months preceding the Walk. It includes numerous interviews with breast cancer survivors who share the wealth of their experience with the viewer. Also included are appearances by local celebrities, athletes and musical artists, as well as informative interviews with health care professionals who explain what we should all know about dealing with this illness. This is the film the doctor should have given my sister before she left his office that fateful day. So I made this film for my sister, and for all our sisters... that they would always remember, "You are not alone."
14 ::: Interrabang (1969) ::: thriller ::: A photographer is sailing with his wife, her sister and his nympho-maniacal model. He leaves the three women alone to get a part for his boat. A mysterious man shows up, who might be an escaped criminal the police are searching for. This doesn't alarm the three women too much, and he rapidly seduces all three of them.
15 ::: The Glass Menagerie (1973) ::: drama ::: Amanda Wingfield dominates her children with her faded gentility and exaggerated tales of her Southern belle past. Her son plans escape; her daughter withdraws into a dream world. When a "gentleman caller" appears, things move to crisis point. Amanda is faced with the dilemma of a dependent life, for both her remaining years, but more importantly, for her dependent daughter, Laura. Amanda struggles to use the only means she has at her disposable to secure a future for her frightened and fragile "spinster" daughter.
16 ::: Night Call (2016) ::: drama ::: Simon's world is turned upside down when his little girl Katie is abducted during a family day out. After weeks of searching and appeals Simon decides to punish himself by offering a young prostitute with mounting debts, life changing money to end his life.
17 ::: Babylon Vista (2001) ::: comedy ::: Frankie Reno was a child star on a TV show. But that was thirty years ago. Now he's busy making ends meet running "Babylon Vista", a Hollywood apartment inhabited by has-beens and wannabees - with more stories than rent payments. Frankie slowly finds himself getting sucked into the bizarre world of his dysfunctional tenants.
18 ::: "Wo Grafen schlafen - Eine Schlösser-Reise" (2014) ::: documentary ::: The story of the Castle and Family of Norbert Salburg-Falkenstein, Commander of the Knights of Malte for Österreich and Bohemia, who married the daughter of a naval commander from Sweden and was able to restore the family property correctly with her help. A Wagnerian opera singer sings Welsh and Wagnerian music in the video, one of a series on how the nobility of Deutschland and Österreich live in the various castles. Lively and fun commentary from the TV hosts, one of whom is a descendant himself of the great Hapsburg dynasty.
19 ::: "Roller Warriors" (2009) ::: sport ::: Modern roller derby began in Austin, TX in 2001 and quickly spread worldwide, creating hundreds of leagues, in places like Kansas City where small leagues run "by the skater, for the skater" were started. This "new" roller derby is real, no fake fighting, no story lines, just action-packed pulse thumping action. The Kansas City Roller Warriors are one of the premier leagues in the country, winning the National Championship in 2007, and are back for their 2008 season. Roller Warriors follows the home season when the four home teams; the Black-Eye Susans, Dreadnought Dorothys, Knockouts, and Victory Vixens take it to the track to compete for a league championship. The Dreadnought Dorothys are the undefeated back-to-back league champions and team to beat. The Knockouts are the self described "prettiest team in the league" and are setting out to keep their reputation and win a few games along the way. The Victory Vixens were winless throughout the last season and under new leadership are hoping to turn things around. The Black-Eye Susans are packed with newcomers and are trying to keep up with teams filled with more veterans than new skaters. The 2008 season also brings the Texas Rollergirls, the originators of the modern game, to town for an important interleague bout. The Kansas City All-Stars had never beaten the "mothers of roller derby" but this year, with the confidence a national title brings, things could be different. Roller Warriors explores the origins of the Kansas City Roller Warriors when a couple of librarians named Brooke and Mandy thought it would be fun to get on skates and knock each other around in a parking lot. Brooke and Mandy became Dirty Britches and Princess Anna Conda and have now grown to a league with 80 women and thousands of fans. These women are police officers, massage therapists, FedEx drivers and bartenders but when they get on the track, they're known as Patti Wackin, Annie Maul, Maiden Hell, Boobarella, Snot Rocket, and Ivana Clobber.
20 ::: Bird Idol (2010) ::: animation ::: The story revolves around a bird called 'Hummi' who is not happy with the bird music and is greatly impressed by human music and how he introduces human music to the bird music by entering into a competition called Bird Idol and with his genuine effort he puts himself and his parents into trouble.
21 ::: O Signo das Tetas (2016) ::: drama ::: The Road of Milk narrates in existential drama tones the story of a man searching for his lost time, traveling across the roads of Brazil's countryside, making their way back to their homeland. In this journey, he will find his way to sign his past that will remake your life and show you the path of salvation. He is on the threshold between reason and madness, between salvation and death.
22 ::: Söderpojkar (1941) ::: comedy ::: A gang of unemployed itinerant musicians play in the south of Stockholm. Then they get the chance to be an orchestra in a dance restaurant. It goes well until the female owner falls in love with one of them.
23 ::: Tunnel Vision (1976) ::: comedy ::: A committee investigating TV's first uncensored network examines a typical day's programming, which includes shows, commercials, news programs, you name it. What they discover will surely crack you up! This outrageous and irreverent spoof of television launched the careers of some of the greatest comedians of all time. This 1976 film tries to predict what American television will be like in the year 1985. Tunnelvision is America's first "uncensored and free" television network. Although wildly popular, it is also blamed for increased crime and unemployment. Christian A. Broder, president and founder of Tunnelvision, is called to defend his network in front of a Senate sub-committee. The sub-committee decides to view excerpts from a "typical" day of Tunnelvision broadcasting. What follows is a series of brief skits lampooning television, including cop shows, news broadcasts, situation comedies, and (of course) commercials.
24 ::: Wedded Bliss? (2002) ::: drama ::: Wedded Bliss? explores the perception that one's wedding and one's newly wedded life are the most perfect, most romantic time of one's life. The reality of so many people from two families coming together is almost always "miscommunication". These always start small and become bigger. This baggage becomes a big distraction for the new couple as they struggle to adapt to their new space. This story is of such a couple who are drawn apart as they go through this process.
25 ::: Cheongchun highway (1973) ::: action ::: Dong-woo is released from prison after a short time following his failed attempt to rob a watch shop. He decides to follow in his brother's footsteps and become a singer. His popularity soon eclipses his brother's, however, leading to unexpected jealousy and family problems
26 ::: The Sandman (????/I) ::: fantasy ::: A wizard attempting to capture Death to bargain for eternal life traps her younger brother Dream instead. Fearful for his safety, the wizard kept him imprisoned in a glass bottle for decades. After his escape, Dream, also known as Morpheus, goes on a quest for his lost objects of power.
27 ::: Riding Shotgun (2004) ::: short ::: Brian Wallace is a cameraman for the hit TV show, 'Riding Shotgun'. A minute ago, he was hauling ass down an alley, trying to keep up with two cops chasing some gang members. Then he made a wrong turn, and got separated from the damn cops. Now there's a knife at his throat, and he's face to face with a notorious young gang leader named Magic. For the rest of the day, Brian will find himself rolling with Magic and his gang, irresistibly caught up in their struggle to solidify a permanent truce with an enemy gang. Before the opportunity is destroyed by those who are blind to it...
28 ::: The Day Mars Invaded Earth (1963) ::: sci-fi ::: The Martians are actually protecting themselves from US!!. - since the Earth probe landed on their planet they are taking measures to ensure their security by replacing our scientists with doppelgangers who report nothing. A very insightful film that was under-rated and ahead of it's time, with a 1963 vision of a primitive mars rover.
29 ::: The Blue Boy (1994) ::: thriller ::: Marie is an insecure housewife whose husband, Joe, is having an affair. The two of them take a holiday to rural Scotland, but by sheer bad luck, end up at the hotel Joe uses for his "getaways." There, Marie is told the story of a young boy who drowned in a nearby lake long ago, and finds herself becoming more and more obsessed with his ghost.
30 ::: Cracked Not Broken (2007) ::: documentary ::: Coming from an upper-middle class background with a good education, close friends and family members (she has one adolescent daughter), 37 year old Canadian Lisa seemed to be the least likely person to get caught up in the dangerous and self-destructive world of crack addiction and prostitution (which is how she funds her habit). She discusses in a very honest, open and articulate manner here in the film's intimate setting (her Toronto hotel room to be precise) just what led her down this tragic path that she currently finds herself in, and how she ultimately wants nothing more than to reach full sobriety someday so as to not only return to some semblance of a normal life as a mother, daughter and friend but to hopefully educate and help others, specifically women, who have found themselves in a similar situation as hers.
31 ::: Love Bites (2018) ::: horror ::: Hollywood has long since been a haven for vampires and other underworld creatures. They have used the industry to fashion their own lore while protecting them from a human society. Detective Peter King becomes involved personally and professionally with Osvanna Moore, once scream queen, now horror studio mogul and a 400 year old vampire. Together they try to outpace a serial killer who has targeted Osvanna and much of her vampire clan...The Vampires of Hollywood.
32 ::: 7 días con Alberto Corazón (2015) ::: documentary ::: The objective of this documentary is to convey in an exciting way who is Alberto Corazón. His work, his career, his creative process, his contribution to Spanish culture. His personality, his character and his ideas. Its contribution to the Spanish culture - especially the visual culture - through the recognition of marks and symbols, corporate identities, industrial designs, objects and signs. His creative process, showing closely and transparently how he create. His trajectory, linked to the recent history of Spain. His work in the broadest sense, including editorial design, posters, wall paintings, sundials, objects, paintings, sculptures, books. His personality, character and ideas, respecting the space of intimacy.
33 ::: Province 77 (2002) ::: action ::: Thai Town is a six-block area near Hollywood, Los Angeles, which is home to over 50,000 expatriated Thais. The town is such a gateway for Thais entering America it was dubbed Thailand's 77th Province. The movie follows a Thai family as it struggles to survive in Los Angeles' fast-paced consumerist culture, while still maintaining traditional values. The identity struggle between Thai-ness and the high octane way of life on the west coast of America, defined by hip-hop, drugs, street racing and violence, affects Pat, a good boy tempted by a life of crime, and his sister.
34 ::: "The Wild, Wild World of Animals" (1973) ::: documentary ::: One hundred twenty nine episodes of this syndicated show were produced between 1973 and 1978. The show debuted in the USA in the Fall of 1973. The show was a wildlife documentary.
35 ::: The Derek Trucks Band: Songlines Live (2006) ::: music ::: Park West HDNet Taping The Derek Trucks Band's performance at the Park West in Chicago on Sat Jan 28 was video taped in high definition for a special HDNet program! The program will air later this year on HDNet. This will premiere on JULY 2, 2006 on HDNET 9PM (REPEATS AT MIDNIGHT AND AS PART OF THE JULY 4th JAM BAND MARATHON)- the schedules are not listed yet - but if you check www.derektrucks.com in the news part you will see a listing concerning the taping of this show for HDNet broadcast. Thanks
36 ::: "The Young Professionals" (2015) ::: comedy ::: Whether it's blocking up mouse holes, running from Landlords or making puppet shows in the bath, it's never a dull moment for The Young Professionals. Desperate to break into the online world and escape the terrors of temping, Natalie presents the lives of six housemates struggling to get on the career ladder after uni and pay their rent on time. Which is all helped along with Keara - the one with the 'real' job.
37 ::: Heroin (2013/I) ::: drama ::: Jos wakes up in a homeless shelter in Groningen (North of the Netherlands). It's a place to stay for the night. At 10am the street life starts over again. Come rain or shine. It doesn't matter if you're ill or don't feel like leaving. At 10pm people are welcome again. For Jos, this is a day like many other, or isn't it? No, today is different. Jos has a plan. He wants to make amends. Can he convince his ex girlfriend? And his friends? That it's all going to be different now? Jos wants to change. No more drinking. No coke, heroin or other junk. Never again. It's now or never. Well, maybe this week? Jos really wants to change. Starting today, well......at least tomorrow.
38 ::: La dama del alba (1966) ::: drama ::: The tempest over the house of Narcés arose when it was three years since Martín's wife, Angélica, mysteriously disappeared in the waters of the river. Despite the bad weather and ignoring the advice of Angélica's mother, Martín leaves the house to go and raise cattle. At that moment a strange pilgrim arrives in search of shelter. She can only stop for a few minutes because she has to meet on the bridge with Adela, a girl whom Death seeks.
39 ::: Stealing Stradivarius (????) ::: comedy ::: When Artie needs money for his daughters conservatory tuition, he concocts the heist of a valuable Stradivarius violin and finds himself embroiled in a thrilling and hilarious farce involving international art smugglers, federal investigators and the Hmong Mafia.
40 ::: Chonda Pierce: Girl Talk (2013) ::: comedy ::: The "Queen of Clean" is back for another sold-out performance in Nashville, Tennessee, and her Southern sass and razor sharp wit will have you laughing until it hurts. Chonda's ready to tell it like it is, and there's no subject she's afraid to tackle! As the undisputed highest-selling female comedian of all time, this preacher's daughter is here to share some of her funniest stories with you and your whole family. Whether you're a woman, a man, a long-time fan or someone who's about to discover Chonda for the first time, come along and join in for a little girl talk. It's a conversation you won't want to miss!
41 ::: Estilo Hip Hop (2009) ::: documentary ::: Estilo Hip Hop is a feature length documentary that chronicles the lives of Eli Efi, Guerrillero Okulto, and Magia, three hip hop activists from Brazil, Chile, and Cuba who firmly believe that hip hop can change the world. As we delve into their lives, we learn of three inspirational leaders responsible for mobilizing young people to become politically active. However, the personal issues affecting the three protagonists prove to be as overwhelming as the challenges posed by their political work. As the stakes assume a greater risk, Eli Efi, Guerrillero, and Magia make life-altering decisions that ultimately impact the course of their lives and that of the hip hop movement.
42 ::: "Arkivet" (2006) ::: comedy ::: If you want to preserve a feeling of relative safety and harmony in life you better avoid thinking too much about certain matters. Like what sausages consist of, how laws are made. And what really goes on in hospitals. The Archive follows the daily chores of six individuals who work in the deep catacombs of a hospital, more specifically in the hospital archive where the case records are kept. Archive Director Dagny loves her colleagues with all her heart. But is love and care enough when the hospital administration sends their most insensitive computer engineer to take on the (long overdue) task of digitizing every file from A to Z? How can they preserve status quo when facing the evil nerd from hell? Dagny claims they have nothing to fear but fear itself. After all engineers have their own jobs, she reasons, they have no interest in taking theirs. Her strategy: don't rock the boat and everything will eventually return to normal.
43 ::: Brad Cuts Loose (2017) ::: short ::: Brad, an uptight office drone, seemingly discovers the perfect vehicle for letting off steam when an advertisement for a business catering to his innermost desires pops up one morning on his computer. Brad's subsequent visit to the business and encounter with its receptionist Janine, however, don't quite go as planned.
44 ::: A Thousand Acres (1997) ::: drama ::: A THOUSAND ACRES is a drama about an American family who meets with tragedy on their land. It is the story of a father, his daughters, and their husbands, and their passion to subdue the history of their land and its stories.
45 ::: The Wish Kin (????) ::: adventure ::: Fourteen-year-old Colm Bell and his 11-year-old sister Lydia wake to the smell of smoke and the sound of gunfire - raiders are attacking their home. They grab their backpacks - prepacked for such an emergency - and head to the tunnel and the hills, following the escape route they have practised every day for their young lives. They don't look back. This is a futuristic movie set in Australia when the earth has been plundered and natural resources depleted. Society has broken down completely, and small groups of people live in suspicion, desperately hording their meagre supplies. Based on the best selling book by Joss Hedley
46 ::: Killing Grace (????) ::: thriller ::: A prominent couple are returning home when their vehicle unexpectedly crashes into a ditch on a dark desolate road. The husband is injured badly. the wife flags down another car to take her for help. On their way back to save her husband, the wife finds herself on a sudden life threatening detour.
47 ::: The End of Ageing (2010) ::: documentary ::: All over the world, human beings are living longer than ever before. This is due to many factors, including improved living conditions, lifestyle choices and medical advancements. While there is not a single cause, a growing community of scientists are pushing the limits of life expectancy. In the not-too-distant future, they may even be able to halt ageing altogether. As the world's population continues to live longer, our current economic systems will no longer be sustainable. Health care systems, and the economies that fund them, need to make major changes. Because a growing number of people are healthy enough continue to work and play, we will need to reevaluate the nature of employment and recreation.
48 ::: Begegnung mit Fritz Lang (1964) ::: short ::: Interview with Fritz Lang on the roof of Villa Malaparte on Capri during the filming of the fictitious film "Odysseus" and the filming of "Le mépris" by Jean-Luc Godard, in which Fritz Lang plays the role of an old film director called Lang. Interview with Fritz Lang on the roof of Villa Malaparte on Capri during the filming of the fictitious film "Odysseus" and the filming of "Le mépris" by Jean-Luc Godard, in which Fritz Lang plays the role of an old film director called Lang. During the interview, excerpts from the long films "The Nibelungen", "The Tired Death" and "M" are shown.
49 ::: La Habanera (1937) ::: drama ::: Astrée Sternhjelm is visiting Puerto Rico with her aunt Ana, and is enchanted by the island. The day before leaving she meets the wealthy Don Pedro at a bullfight arena, and is infatuated by him. Just before the ship takes off, she hears the song "La Habanera" sung by some natives at the quay. The song strikes a chord in her heart, and without hesitating she leaves the boat to find Don Pedro. After some weeks they get married. Ten years later her paradise has turned into hell. She is locked up with her son Juan in the big estate by her jealous and controlling husband. In Stockholm her aunt Ana is financing a foundation, which is sending two doctors to Puerto Rico to research a tropical fever. One of them, Dr. Sven Nagel, was once in love with Astrée, and the aunt asks him to find out what has happened to her niece. When the two doctors arrive to the island, they are met with hostility from the authorities and the local doctors, who are afraid that news about the tropical fever in the world press, would cause all investors to withdraw from Puerto Rico. The Swedish doctors succeed secretly to get a bacteriological sample and develop an antidote. Don Pedro invites them to a party in his house, as part of a plot to get them imprisoned.
50 ::: Crooked Tree (????) ::: thriller ::: The customarily docile bears in the north woods inexplicably turn aggressive because of the bearwalk, an ancient practice of transmigration of souls of people into animals by those who inhabited the Great Lakes region before the coming of the Europeans. Small town attorney Axel Michelson comes to realize his Native American wife Janis, a descendant of Ottawa chiefs, is possessed by the same evil that possesses the bears, and to stop the rampage, to save his wife, Axel must learn the old ways and defeat the ancient evil on its own terms